---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: NME 3.4.3 Released
author: admin
author_login: admin
author_email: joshua@joshuagranick.com
wordpress_id: 119
wordpress_url: http://www.haxenme.org/blog/?p=119
date: 2012-09-03 02:02:07.000000000 -07:00
---
NME 3.4.3 is <a href="http:&#47;&#47;www.haxenme.org&#47;download">now available<&#47;a>.
<ul>
	<li>Project names are now optional when running commands ("nme test blackberry")<&#47;li>
	<li>Added support for OpenGL 2 shader-based rendering<&#47;li>
	<li>Improved support for AIR mobile<&#47;li>
	<li>Minor fixes for BlackBerry release signing<&#47;li>
	<li>Fixed compatibility for webOS devices<&#47;li>
	<li>Flags with two dashes ("--connect") now pass through to the Haxe compiler<&#47;li>
	<li>Build ID file changed from "ProjectName.build" to ".build"<&#47;li>
	<li>Implemented Sound.loadCompressedDataFromByteArray<&#47;li>
	<li>Implemented Sound.loadPCMFromByteArray<&#47;li>
	<li>Fixed AJAX asset loading on HTML5<&#47;li>
	<li>Improved compatibility for MP3 file formats for Flash<&#47;li>
	<li>Removed need for Event.RESIZE to get initial iOS stage width and height<&#47;li>
	<li>Compatibility fixes for Windows 8 RTM<&#47;li>
<&#47;ul>
<h3>Short Syntax<&#47;h3>
The first change may seem minor, but its proven to be time-saving. Rather than specifying the project file whenever you call the NME command-line tools, NME can now look for your "project.nmml", "project.xml" or other NMML files in order to automatically determine how to build your project. If you are in the directory of your project, you should be able to drop the project file name altogether:
<pre lang="bash">nme test blackberry<&#47;pre>
You can also specify the directory where a project lives, without specifying the project file name as well:
<pre lang="bash">nme test "C:\Projects\Games\Pirate Pig" windows<&#47;pre>
<h3>OpenGL 2<&#47;h3>
We've added initial support for OpenGL 2, shader-based rendering in NME. This should work properly on the desktop, and brings us close to supporting OpenGL ES 2.0 on mobile. This should not look any different than the old method at first, but down the road this opens doors to custom shaders, like HxSL, and more ways to accelerate complex rendering.

If you would like to experiment with the new render pipeline, you can add the following to your project file:
<pre lang="xml" escaped="true"><window shaders="true" if="desktop" &#47;><&#47;pre>
<h3>Improved AIR Support<&#47;h3>
We believe in choices. That's one of the reasons why we've integrated support for Adobe AIR straight into NME. You can seamlessly compile for AIR or the native target support built into NME. In addition to the desktop support we added in 3.4.1, NME now has initial support for AIR mobile platforms.
<h3>BlackBerry Signing<&#47;h3>
We've added extra polish to our release build process for BlackBerry, so targeting the platform should be smoother than ever.
<h3>Windows 8<&#47;h3>
Now that Microsoft has released the first official build of Windows 8, in preparation for launch, we've updated NME to resolve some small issues that occurred when moving from the Release Preview to RTM.
